.TH AFTO 1 "2017" UNIX "AFTO Manual"
.SH NAME
.PP
\fB\fCafto\fR \- An automated command\-line cydia repo generator/builder and server.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCafto\fR \fB\fC\-\-version\fR
.PP
\fB\fCafto\fR command [\fB\fCoptions\fR]
.PP
\fB\fCafto\fR \fB\fC\-h\fR | \fB\fC\-\-help\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fB\fCafto\fR is an automated command\-line cydia repo generator/builder and server for Cydia tweak developers.
.PP
\fIThe name 'afto' comes from the word 'automatic' in greek.\fP
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Automatic Cydia repo generation.
.IP \(bu 2
Automatic Cydia repo updating.
.IP \(bu 2
Cydia repo server testing.
.IP \(bu 2
Many more.
.RE
.PP
The only thing you need on your system is:
.PP
\fB\fCdpkg\fR
.PP
\fIYou also need at least 1 or more .deb files. So that you can test or host your repo.\fP
.SH USAGE
.PP
To generate a new Cydia repo, use the following command replacing 'example_repo' with your desired repo name:
.PP
\fB\fCafto new example_repo\fR
.PP
To serve your new Cydia repo, use the following command replacing 'example_repo' with your desired repo name:
.PP
\fB\fCafto serve example_repo\fR
.PP
If you choose to add another .deb file to your repo, you can instruct \fB\fCafto\fR to automatically regenerate your repo with the \fB\fC\-w\fR option.
.PP
\fB\fCafto serve \-w example_repo\fR
.PP
You can visit \fB\fChttp://127.0.0.1:2468\fR to view your newly generated repo, and you can also put this in Cydia to view this in the Cydia iOS app.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\fCnew\fR: New repository. (Use "." for the same directory)
.PP
\fB\fCserve\fR: Serve the directory and optionally watch the repo with \fB\fC\-w\fR\&.
.PP
\fB\fCupdate\fR: Update the deb file in the repo with \fB\fC\-r\fR\&.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\fC\-f\fR | \fB\fC\-\-file\fR
A file normally a *.deb file.
.TP
\fB\fC\-w\fR | \fB\fC\-\-watch\fR
Watch the repo.
.TP
\fB\fC\-s\fR | \fB\fC\-\-sign\fR
Sign the repo.
.TP
\fB\fC\-c\fR | \fB\fC\-\-control\fR 
Specify control file to use.
.TP
\fB\fC\-p\fR | \fB\fC\-\-port\fR 
Specify port number for \fB\fCafto\fR\&.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-h\fR | \fB\fC\-\-help\fR
Help menu.
.TP
\fB\fC\-\-version\fR
Show version.
.SH BUGS
.PP
If you find any bugs please file an issue on GitHub or contact me. See the \fB\fCAUTHOR\fR section.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Wesley Hill \[la]wesley@hakobaito.co.uk\[ra]
